Update licensing section of Knowledge Base to Apache 2.0 only (#50)
Mbed-TLS/mbedtls-docs: kb/licensing/how-is-mbedtls-protected.md

## Copyright

> The copyright in the source code primarily protects Mbed TLS (formerly known as PolarSSL). We own all the copyright in the source code. For code that is contributed to us, we request the original author to grant copyright to The Mbed TLS Contributors.

Reviewer: I think "grant copyright" is wrong. The original author(s) retain the copyright, but the DCO means the author becomes one of "The Mbed TLS Contributors" and agrees to it being licensed under the licence we use (Apache 2.0). I made a suggested edit which you can see on the Conversation tab (as the text here has now changed)

Reviewer 2: I think you're right, grant might be the wrong word to use. It's more about how we record the copyright - that we require that the copyright be recorded as "Mbed TLS Contributors" rather than naming specific individuals.

> The copyright in the source code primarily protects Mbed TLS (formerly known as PolarSSL). We own all the copyright in the source code. For code that is contributed to us, we request the original author to grant copyright to The Mbed TLS Contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mbed TLS (formerly known as PolarSSL) is, like most software, protected by copyright.
It is licensed for use under an open-source Apache 2.0 licence.
The *project* is owned by TrustedFirmware.org, and
the code is owned by all the people and companies who have contributed to it, collectively known as *The Mbed TLS Contributors*.
When contributing code to us, the author is required to sign off all commits with a [Developer Certificate of Origin](../../dco.txt) line,
confirming that the code submitted can (legally) become part of the project, and be subject to the same Apache 2.0 licence.
```

Author: Done except for re-paragraphing and US-English spelling of "license" to match existing text.

Reviewer 2: This is much better I think, thanks @tom-cosgrove-arm. However - not all the code is owned by "The Mbed TLS Contributors" (i.e. Everest). I suggest:

The *project* is owned by TrustedFirmware.org, and the code is owned by all the people and companies who have contributed to it, collectively known as *The Mbed TLS Contributors* (except for some files in the 3rdparty directory which have copyright as noted in the file headers).

> We offer all the code under the Apache 2.0 license so that projects can see and use Mbed TLS as Open Source.

Reviewer: The suggested change above would make this line pretty much unnecessary

> The copyright in the source code primarily protects Mbed TLS (formerly known as PolarSSL). We own all the copyright in the source code. For code that is contributed to us, we request the original author to share the copyright with us.

Reviewer 2: "share the copyright" is a little vague. I suggest wording more like "to grant copyright to The Mbed TLS Contributors"

Reviewer 2: ... and, "We own all the copyright" is inaccurate - 3rdparty/everest is not under our copyright.

Reviewer 2: ... also the first sentence is a little unclear - not sure what it's adding.

Reviewer: Actually, I think that's a hold-over from when Mbed TLS used a CLA, since that's what CLA's typically do

> The copyright in the source code primarily protects Mbed TLS (formerly known as PolarSSL). We own all the copyright in the source code. For code that is contributed to us, we request the original author to share the copyright with us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mbed TLS (formerly known as PolarSSL) is, like most software, protected by copyright.
It is licensed for use under an open-source Apache 2.0 licence.
The software is owned by The Mbed TLS Contributors, which is part of TrustedFirmware.org.
When contributing code to us, the author is required to sign off all commits with a [Developer Certificate of Origin](../../dco.txt) line,
confirming that the code submitted can (legally) become part of the project, and subject to the same Apache 2.0 licence.
```

> We offer all the code under the Apache 2.0 license so that projects can see and use Mbed TLS and PolarSSL as Open Source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We offer all the code under the Apache 2.0 license so that projects can see and use Mbed TLS as Open Source.
```

Reviewer 2: I think not really meaningful to refer to PolarSSL (outside of a historical context)

## Trademark

> 

Reviewer 2: I suggest removing the final section ("Won't people use Mbed TLS or PolarSSL illegally?") - it seems unnecessarily threatening and doesn't really add anything.
